c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe.config
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DataProviderContract.dll
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\PL.dll
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\XMLProvider.dll
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DataProviderContract.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\PL.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\XMLProvider.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe.config
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DataProviderContract.dll
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\PL.dll
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\XMLProvider.dll
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DataProviderContract.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\PL.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\XMLProvider.pdb
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
c:\Users\Oleksii_Dyshlevyi\OneDrive\Work\Lesha\university\Дисципліни\OOP_C++_Csh_2_семестр\From Kramar\Lectures\!Examples-Sem3\SimplestMultiLayerApp3\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe.config
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DataProviderContract.dll
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\PL.dll
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\XMLProvider.dll
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DataProviderContract.pdb
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\PL.pdb
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\XMLProvider.pdb
C:\Users\Hp\Desktop\repos\SimpleThreetier\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csproj.CopyComplete
